hello I'm going to talk about this new
moon in Libra the seventh of October we
have a new moon now the new moon in
Libra is being an accompanied at the
moment by the Sun which is already in
Libra and salmon which is also in Libra
so this is going to mean a time for
renewal in anything connected with your
relationships and these are not only
your intimate relationships but a work
relationship a business relationship a
partnership all of these types of
relationships are coming up for renewal
for reassessment a new moon gives you an
opportunity to put new energy into your
relationships to bring some balance into
your relationships remember it's all in
Libra so the focus of Libra always this
is what makes us labrin so indecisive is
that we're always trying to balance
everything and this is about balancing
your relationships finding balance in
the relationships that you have in your
life it's also about looking at what you
love maybe you've been putting off doing
something that you really love well with
a new moon it's time to turn over a new
leaf so maybe you've been thinking about
doing something but haven't done it so
for example for me I love going out on
my bicycle but it did need a little bit
of fixing up so I thought you know what
I'll take it to the shop and it cost me
twenty dollars and now my bikes all up
and running and everything is not so
squeaky and everything and I'm delighted
to go out riding so just for something
very inexpensive I'm able to now do
something I've been putting off that I
really love doing so really with this
new moon energy think about something
that you'd really love to do that you
maybe been procrastinating about and do
it not maybe the most expensive thing if
you're not able to do it but just think
of something be creative and really do
that thing that you love really bring it
into existence and enjoy it so there you
have it that's this new moon look at
your relationships I'm going to talk a
little bit more
other video about this Venus retrograde
because Venus retrograde will affect
this new moon in a way it will force you
maybe to look more deeply at your
relationships and then to take some new
actions so the new moon gives you
opportunity for new action being
proactive and changing the balance in
your relationships thanks for listening
see you again soon